docs: update js client library example code (#2390)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/tools/client-libraries/js.md

   ```

## Write data to InfluxDB with JavaScript

> Use the Javascript library to write data to InfluxDB in a Nodejs environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Javascript library to write data to InfluxDB in a Node.js environment.
```
